PROMISE => an object that represents eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation and its resulting value.
    It is a proxy for a value not necessarily known when the promise is created. It allows you to associate handlers with an 
    asynchronous action's eventual success value or failure reason. This lets asynchronous methods return values like 
    synchronous methods: instead of immediately returning the final value, the asynchronous methods return a promise to supply 
    the value at some point of the future. 
    It has one of these states: 
        - PENDING => initial state, neither fulfiled nor rejected 
        - FULFILLED => meaning that the operation was completed successfully 
        - REJECTED => meaning that the operation failed 
    If the promise is fulfilled then it has a VALUE, otherwise if it is rejected it has a REASON. If it is fulfilled or rejected,
    the associated handlers queued up are called. These handlers are "then".

    ADVANTAGES: 
    - Callbacks and method added to promise will never be invoked or executed before the completition of the current run 
    - Callbacks will be invoked even if they were added AFTER the success or failure of the asynchronous operation that promise
        represents 
    - Multiple callbacks can be added by using THEN multiple times. They will be invoked one after another, in order they were chained
    
CHAINING => it occurs when two or more asynchronous operations need to be executed back to back. Each subsequent operation starts when the 
    previous operation succeeds, with the result from previous step. This is accomplished by creating PROMISE CHAIN. 

    It is possible chainining even after the failure. You can use CATCH to accomplish new actions even after an action failed in the chain. 

FETCH => an API that provides interface for fetching resources. It is familiar to XMLHttpRequest, but it provides more flexible and powerful 
    feature set.

fetch => a method that takes only one argument. That argument is path to the resource you want to fetch.
    If you know that you are fetching JSON file across the netwok, the fetch() will return a Promise containing a response. 
    Response contains the text, but to extract it we use json().

json() => method of the Body mixin takes a Response stream and reads it to completion. It returns a promise which resolves with a JavaScript 
    object that is the result of parsing the body text as JSON. 

async function() => functions that are declared async keyword. It essentially enables 2 things. First one is that 'await' keyword is enabled for use inside 
    of that function. Second one is that it enables writing promise chains without explicitly configuring them. These 2 things combined enable to write promise 
    based behaviour in much cleaner way.

() after function declaration => After the function has been declared, you can automatically execute it without arguments by putting "()" at the end of the function.

await => it causes the JavaScript runtime to pause your code on this line, not allowing further code to execute in the meantime until the async function call has returned 
    it's result — very useful if subsequent code relies on that result!